
Must Haves:

Bachelors with more than 14 yrs of experience; or Master’s with 12 yrs of experience
Public Trust & Ability to obtain a clearance prior to start
Expert knowledge of VMware
Strong Engineering & Design experience of Windows/Unix environment using VMware technology
Strong understanding and experience creating Bill of Materials (BOM) and Basis of Estimate (BOE) document
Strong experience implementing and configuring various Hardware include Blade Frame from multiple vendors such as HP, Dell and Cisco.
Strong Windows Server 2008/2012 NTFS
Active Directory Group/User objects
 

Day to Day:

 

Insight Global is looking for a Sr Systems Engineer to sit in Woodlawn, MD in support of CMS VDC. The successful candidate will be a member of an Operations Team providing support for all aspects of customers VMware infrastructure and responsible for providing Wintel engineering, implementation and technical support for multiple enterprise data centers. Candidate may need to give presentations from time to time and often this entails producing well written technical documents specific to the customer's environment and objectives. The Engineer must be able to speak clearly and communicate effectively (both written and verbally) with a customer's Technical staff as well as Senior Management. Execute major changes to the Active Directory to include Organization Unit structure, Group Policy creation/modification, etc. Independently develops solutions, approaches, or makes recommendations to resolve wide range of complex or difficult problems for both internal/external customers including vendors. Manage Windows Server 2008/2012 domain for a large user base in a multiple domain forest configuration. This includes Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, creation and deletion of user accounts, and managing access controls. Build, maintain, upgrade, and troubleshoot VMware ESX Hosts on many Blade Frames technologies. Support several hundred Virtual Machines in both the production and development environments. Work with application owners and developers for applications hosted on Windows and other x86 based hardware.
